#summary Requirement for the enclosure of the Marmote hardware platform
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

The EnclosureRequirement page intends to capture the high level requirement for the enclosure design from all possible aspects. That includes mechanical properties as well as certain functionality of the enclosure.

_Note:_ This pages is far away from being finished yet. Project collaborators are highly encouraged to add or modify items and to leave comments.

= Dimensions =

  # The external dimensions of the enclosure should be kept below 100mm x 70mm x 35mm.

_Note:_ This is a first, rough estimate and is subject to be further shrunk down.

= Connectors =

  # All connectors, with the possible exception of the antenna connector, should be placed on the front panel of the enclosure.

== 5V External Supply ==

== USB ==

== Ethernet ==

  # The enclosure should be designed accounting for a future Power Supply Board level Ethernet connector.

== microSD Card ==

== Antenna ==

  # The external antenna connector should be prepared for either direct-PCB-mounted or cable-extended SMA connector(s). (TBD)
  # The antenna connector(s) should be placed either on the front or the top panel of the enclosure. (TBD)
  # There should be either a single or two separate external antenna connectors. (TBD)

= Switches =

  # The enclosure should be equipped with an external toggle switch to power off the board.

_Note:_ The precise definition of power off can be found on the Power Supply Requirement page. (TBD)



= LEDs =