= NSF CPS: Medium: Self-Sustaining CPS for Structural Monitoring =
==Publications in Year 3 ==

Sandor Szilvasi, Benjamin Babjak, Peter Volgyesi, Akos Ledeczi (2013). Marmote SDR: <a href="http://www.isis.vanderbilt.edu/node/4614">Experimental Platform for Low-Power Wireless Protocol Stack Research</a>.  Journal of Sensor and Actuator Networks, 2 (3),  631.

Benjamin Babjak, Sandor Szilvasi, Alex Pedchenko, Mark Hofacker, Eric J. Barth, Peter Volgyesi, Akos Ledeczi (2012). <a href="http://www.isis.vanderbilt.edu/node/4527">Experimental Research Platform for Structural Health Monitoring</a>.  Advancement in Sensing Technology  Springer-Verlag.  Berlin Heidelberg.  43.

Benjamin Babjak, Sandor Szilvasi, Peter Volgyesi, Ozgur Yapar, Prodyot K. Basu (2013).  IEEE Sensors. <a href="http://www.isis.vanderbilt.edu/node/4604">Analysis and Efficient Onset Time Detection of Acoustic Emission Signals with Power Constrained Sensor Platforms</a>. Baltimore, MD, USA.

Benjamin Babjak, Sandor Szilvasi, Peter Volgyesi (2013).  The Third International Conference on Digital Information and Communication Technology and its Applications (DICTAP2013). <a href="http://www.isis.vanderbilt.edu/node/4605">On accurate, low-complexity quasi doppler based localization</a>. Ostrava, Czech Republic.

Alex Pedchenko, Eric Barth (2013).  Dynamic Systems and Control Conference 2013. <a href="http://www.isis.vanderbilt.edu/node/4606">Broad Frequency Vibration Energy Harvesting Control Approach Based on the Maximum Power Transfer Theorem</a>. Palo Alto, CA.