#summary SVN repository management guideline
#labels Phase-Implementation

= Directory and File Structure =

== Head Revision ==

The PCB related directories and files are stored under `/trunk/hardware/`. Names should use CamelCase. For a project named 'PowerBoard' the main directory should be named simply `PowerBoard`, without any version number or product variation like `PowerBoard with BNC connectors`. '[[FabName]]' should refer to the corresponding fab. Thus, the directory structure should look like as follows:
{{{
PowerBoard/
  CAM/
    [FabName].cam
    [FabName].dru
    PowerBoard.Gxx   (*1)
    PowerBoard.Dxx   (*1)
    PowerBoard.xy 
    ReadMe.txt
  Datasheet/
  Document/
    PowerBoard_Sch.pdf
    PowerBoard_Asy.pdf
    PowerBoard_BOM.xlsx
  Misc/
  Photo/ 
  Simulation/
  eagle.epf
  Notes.txt
  PowerBoard.brd
  PowerBoard.lbr
  PowerBoard.sch
}}}

(`*`1) Gerber Files
|| .GTO || Top Silkscreen (tPlace, _tNames_) ||
|| .GTP || Top Paste (tCream) ||
|| .GTS || Top Soldermask (tStop) ||
|| .GTL || Top Copper (Top, Pads, Vias) ||
|| .GP1 || Ground Plane (Route2, Pads, Vias) ||
|| .GP2 || Power Plane (Route3, Pads, Vias) ||
|| .GBL || Bottom Copper (Bottom, Pads, Vias) ||
|| .GBS || Bottom Soldermask (bStop) ||
|| .GBP || Bottom Paste (bCream) ||
|| .GBO || Bottom Silkscreen (bPlace, _bNames_) ||
|| .GML || Board Outline (Dimension) ||
|| .DRD || NC Drill (Drills, Holes) ||
|| .DRI || NC Drill Report ||

For all gerber files, use `pos. Coord` and `Optimize` (and nothing else). All signal layers (inner layers too) will have positive polarity. 
NC Drill files are in `1.4, Abs, inches, leading zero supress, quad` format.

== Creating a New Revision ==

Major revisions are stored as SVN branches under `/trunk/hardware/`. The 'ProjectName' in the directory and file names are suffixed with `_RevX`, where X is an uppercase letter. That is for a project called 'PowerBoard' that has two major revision the directory structure should follow the pattern below:
{{{
trunk/
  hardware/
    PowerBoard/
    PowerBoard_RevA/
    PowerBoard_RevB/
}}}

File names should be adjusted accordingly. That is for a project called 'PowerBoard' the directory containing Rev B:
{{{
PowerBoard_RevB/
  CAM/
    [FabName].cam
    [FabName].dru
    PowerBoard_RevB.Gxx   <TBD: xx>
    PowerBoard_RevB.Dxx   <TBD: xx>
    PowerBoard_RevB.xy (pick and place)
    ReadMe.txt
  Datasheet/
  Document/
    PowerBoard_RevB_Sch.pdf
    PowerBoard_RevB_Asy.pdf
    PowerBoard_RevB_BOM.xlsx
  Misc/
  Photo/ 
  Simulation/
  eagle.epf
  Notes.txt
  PowerBoard_RevB.brd
  PowerBoard_RevB.lbr
  PowerBoard_RevB.sch
}}}

== Directory and File Details ==

`Document` directory
|| `PowerBoard_RevB_Sch.pdf` || `File > Print`, then set printer to `Print to File (PDF)` ||
|| `PowerBoard_RevB_Asy.pdf` ||  Create a two-page (top and bottom) document with the following layers:<p>  `tPlace, tNames, tDocu, tStop, Dimension, Document`<br>  `bPlace, bNames, bDocu, bStop, Dimension, Document` ||